User Story 1: As a logged in user on the logged-in City Cost engine page, Jimmy should be able to enter the location he wants to check the price of living in into a text box, and input with a series of checkboxes whether he will need housing and/or transportation as well the length of stay in the city so that the application returns how much it would cost for various living arrangements in that city. The application will not only provide him with different housing options and their corresponding prices, It will also tell him how much he needs to make an hour/have saved up before starting his new job. The application will not allow Jimmy to enter a city that does not have proper information posted to the API. Jimmy will also have all his previous searches stored for easy access but he also has the option of deleting this history.

User Story 2: As a new user, Jimmy will be greeted with the homepage that explains what City Cost does, and how it can help users like him. When he clicks on the City Cost engine page he will be prompted to using an existing Google account. Once entered, Jimmy will click a button to move forward so that the application creates his account within Coty Cost. If the same email address has not been used for another account, then the page will log him in and redirect him to the City Cost engine page to enter his search, his search history will be clear until he enters his first search. If he enters an existing email address, then the log in will still direct him to the City Cost engine page however in this case all his previous searches will be displayed (Assuming he has never deleted them).

User Story 3: As a returning user, Jimmy will come to the web app’s home page which explains what City Cost does, and how to use it in case he forgot. Jimmy will need to press login and be redirected to a page where he can enter the credentials to login. Once Jimmy has entered the credentials, if the email or password is incorrect, then he will be alerted and not able to log in until he provides accurate credentials. If the credentials match a user, Jimmy will be redirected so that he is on the logged-in home page, at which point he can go to the City Cost engine page and enter his search or the search history page to review his previous searches.
